Is Mr. Gao's strength okay?
Go away I don't need you in jail
You go out
Come on, Mr. Gao, you already know Zhanwang Chen
Find a chance to introduce me too
how
Not when you forced me to sign the contract
That's over, I apologize.
I don't have eyes
Let's be friends in the future
I can work with you in the future
Mr. Zhang, you have applied for the male position of Mr. Gao
You stinky security guard, you didn't fire it
Now I am Mr. Gao's security guard
Grab my job
Can I hit you?
You go out with me
It's more annoying than Liang Youfan
What did Mr. Yue Fansun explain to you?
Hey, Mr. Gao
What I said next
You must control your emotions
Why does Mr. Sun want to cancel the contract?
No. Yes
General Gao Yunqing is dead
Do you know what you're talking about?
That's not possible.
liufan
How dare you play such a joke on me now
You are too presumptuous
It'll be on the news later.
Sun always gets the clue in advance
So let me hurry over and let you know
Temporarily release an urgent message
A large-scale rebellion has broken out on the frontier recently
Battle of Dragonlead
General Gao Yunqing died in battle
Rebellion thieves guard Cao Linfu
The remaining rebels are gradually being investigated and confiscated
In addition, Long Shuai's entry into the forest hall
It will take place in a week.
Mr. Chen